PAY-5922: Refactor Payment Services payment method codes (#182)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/payment-methods.mdx

## PaymentMethods configurations

> 🚧 TODO: Update to take into account changes to API made in https://git.corp.adobe.com/Commerce-Storefront/storefront-checkout/pull/963 (with new `slots: {Methods: []}` structure) 🚧

Reviewer: we should remove this entry, no?. I don't expect to see a TODO with a PR link in our docs

Author: We'll have to rewrite that section before merging into boilerplate. The TODO is for us not to forget.

Note that the target branch of this pull request is your `payments-develop` branch. I propose merging this pull request, and tackle this with the help of the Thunderbolts team before merging https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/170.

Reviewer: no problem, as mentioned in slack, better remove this for the moment in our docs, I'll put a note into the `payments-develop` branch

> 🚧 TODO: Update to take into account changes to API made in https://git.corp.adobe.com/Commerce-Storefront/storefront-checkout/pull/963 (with new `slots: {Methods: []}` structure) 🚧

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

})($paymentMethods),
```

## Example 3: How to customize a payment method using the `slots.Methods` configuration

> The following example renders the `PaymentMethods` container on a checkout page, displaying the available payment methods in the element with the class `checkout__payment-methods`, providing a specific handler for the Payment Services `CreditCard` payment method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renders the `PaymentMethods` container on a checkout page, displaying the available payment methods in the element with the class `checkout__payment-methods`, providing a specific handler for the Payment Services [PaymentMethodCode.CREDIT_CARD]:
```

})($paymentMethods),
```

## Example 3: How to customize a payment method using the `slots.Methods` configuration

> The following example renders the `PaymentMethods` container on a checkout page, displaying the available payment methods in the element with the class `checkout__payment-methods`, providing a specific handler for Payment Services' `CREDIT_CARD` payment method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renders the `PaymentMethods` container on a checkout page, displaying the available payment methods in the element with the class `checkout__payment-methods`, providing a specific handler for the Payment Services `CreditCard` payment method:
```

Reviewer: we are using `CreditCard` in the rest of our docs

Author: Yes, but we are providing a handler for Payment Service' `CREDIT_CARD` payment method as specified in the code example:

```
[PaymentMethodCode.CREDIT_CARD]: { ... }
```

Also, the apostrophe after Payment Service is intended here, as it is the `CREDIT_CARD` payment method of Payment Services, i.e., Payment Service' `CREDIT_CARD` payment method. It is a plural possessive: https://www.hamilton.edu/academics/centers/writing/seven-sins-of-writing/4#:~:text=Plural%20Possessive,do%20end%20in%20%E2%80%9Cs.%E2%80%9D
